Another way to regularize our model and increase
the performance is to reduce the number of features that we use.
The RandomForest Classifier in scikit-learn can tell us
how important the features are in classifying the data.
It has this feature importance as property,
which basically gives us a number of how important each feature is.
The higher the number, the more important the feature is.
So we can see what the 10 most important features are,
and it looks like these features in the z and y channel are the most important.
So let's train our model just using the 10 best features.
So now our feature matrix is 611 by 10,
and I've moved the leave one subject out
cross validation code into activity classifier utils.
So we don't have to keep on seeing it.
Now when we look at the confusion matrix,
we can see that we've removed our largest source of error.
We no longer misclassify cycling as walking.
As a result, our classification accuracy has increased to 92 percent.
So we've managed to improve our classifier performance by 15 percent,
just by picking out the most important features.
In the exercise after this video,
we'll take a look at building a classifier with just one feature.